>> Kyle Simpson: In this hoisting
exercise, you're gonna get a chance to
practice with that idea of bringing
functions out of their scopes if they
don't need to be nested, or
using functions at the bottom of scopes.
That sort of thing like we've
just talked about in the lecture,
you're gonna get a chance
to practice with that.
So we're gonna take an existing code base
that already uses a variety of function
expressions, and we're going to refactor
that code base using our newfound
knowledge of hoisting, our ability
to change the way that it's written.
We're not changing any behavior, we're
just simply changing the coding style.
If you look at the current version of it,
It looks like this.
We have a set of function declarations and
inline function expressions,
and there are several places where
we have inline function expressions
that don't really need to be
inline function expressions.
Once such example, right here.
That function expression isn't using any
of the lexical variables around itself, so
there's no particular reason to inline it,
other than maybe just a style preference.
But there's no mechanical reason to do so.
So using what we know about
function declarations and
function hoisting,
let's pull that one out.
So you look for
those examples where functions can
be pulled out to an outer scope,
if they don't need to be nested, that
makes simpler and flatter scope structure.
And the simpler and
flatter the scope structure you have,
the easier it will be to read and
understand.
The more nested it is, the harder it is
to keep track of all those boundaries.
Also, you'll notice that all
the executable code is at the bottom
of this program.
And what we learned about function
hoisting is that we can put executable
code at the top, and
all the functions at the bottom.
So your task is to sort of refactor,
or rearrange, these functions,
pull them out where necessary,
And refactor this code so
that it uses or leverages
the benefits of function hoisting.